{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Programmer: Joe Politano\
QA: Michael Kretchman\
UI: Chris Yang\
Graphic Designer: Ruhani Mumick\
Project Manager: Yuji Sugimoto \
\
The Impossible Test is a challenge that involves many levels. The player will have to complete every level in order to advance to the next one. Every level has a specific set of rules and ways to lose. The player must start back from level 1 if they lose within any mini-game. Only after the player has completed the entire game will the level select button come up letting you jump to any level. \
Our games include:\
\
Whack-a-mole: Hit the grades coming out of the holes in the ground. Make sure to only hit A\'92s! We\'92re Magnet and anything else will be unacceptable.\
\
Myrtle Run: You are Myrtle from the Great Gatsby. Use wasd and maneuver her through the traffic to the other side. If you get hit you lose a life. \
\
Homework run: You have forgotten your homework in your locker and must dodge all the teachers using wasd to get to it. Speed is of the essence. If you take more than 1 min, you will lose a life. \
\
Diver: Your backpack has been stolen and thrown to the bottom of the ocean the ocean. Go diving to retrieve your priceless treasure. Make sure you don\'92t run out of oxygen or get eaten by sharks!\
\
SAT: The SAT\'92s are coming up and you haven\'92t studied! Use the mouse to click all the SAT books to cram the knowledge into your head, but watch out! If you let more than 3 books get past you, you will fail. \
\
Raindrops: Gombeii is thirsty! Help him get his water by moving him left and right using the mouse, but watch out! If 3 bombs hit you, Gombeii will faint!\
}